What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When you initialize a repository, you create a .git paste in the folder that
stores old versions of the files in the folder(commits).

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the working directory and the repository because
it is the transition between both, the files from the working directory are put there
and then send to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

The staging area works as a "temporary commit" making it easier to only commit
changes that are really important, but still keeping the security of having a recent
version saved.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized are
situations in with the project has some alterations that would add some extra feature
to the project, something that the code doesn't actually need to work, like a new feature
of a new language. Branches would help to keep the project more organized and easily
to fix in case of any error.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams help you visualize the branch structure, by making easier to see the relations 
between branches and commits.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is making the two branches become one
with the tip of each branch being a father to the merge(like shown in the diagram), that way commands like
git log will show commits from both branches.

What are the pros and cons of automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

The pros are that you save time by using automatic merging, and makes it possible
to use git log to see all the changes made to the program. The cons are that in case of conflict
you will have to resolve manually.